Add links for OpenLink Virtuoso, on par with Apache Jena TDB (#8)
RiverBench/riverbench.github.io: docs/tasks/flat-rdf-store-loading/index.md

### Workload

> In this task, an RDF store is set up (for example, [Apache Jena TDB2](https://jena.apache.org/documentation/tdb2/index.html), [OpenLink Virtuoso Open Source v7.x](https://github.com/openlink/virtuoso-opensource/), or [OpenLink Virtuoso Enterprise Edition v8.x](https://shop.openlinksw.com/license_generator/virtuoso-download/)) and then loaded with a flat dump of RDF statements (triples or quads).

Author: Applying suggestion from @Ostrzyciel 
```suggestion
In this task, an RDF store is set up (for example, [Apache Jena TDB2](https://jena.apache.org/documentation/tdb2/index.html), [OpenLink Virtuoso Open Source v7.x](https://github.com/openlink/virtuoso-opensource/), or [RDF4J's NativeStore](https://rdf4j.org/documentation/programming/repository/)) and then loaded with a flat dump of RDF statements (triples or quads).
```
